                          Chapter 2: Basic Navigation

h = left
j = down
k = up
l = right

1. We can use the w and b commands to move forward and backwards a single
alphanumeric word.

2. We can use the "W" and "B" commands if there's a word with quotes or punctation.

3. But what if we have a couple sentences and moving by words is too slow? It
turns out we can use the "(" and ")" operators to move even faster. Isn't that
cool?

4. And if we want to move by paragraphs, we can just use the "{" and "}" operators:

An unassuming young man was travelling, in midsummer, from his native city of
Hamburg to Davos-Platz in the Canton of the Grisons, on a three weeks’ visit.

From Hamburg to Davos is a long journey — too long, indeed, for so brief a
stay. It crosses all sorts of country; goes up hill and down dale, descends
from the plateau of Southern Germany to the shore of Lake Constance, over its
bounding waves and on across marshes once thought to be bottomless.

At this point the route, which has been so far over trunk-lines, gets cut up.
There are stops and formalities. At Rorschach, in Swiss territory, you take
train again, but only as far as Landquart, a small Alpine station, where you
have to change. Here, after a long and windy wait in a spot devoid of charm,
you mount a nar- row-gauge train; and as the small but very powerful engine
gets under way, there begins the thrilling part of the journey, a steep and
steady climb that seems never to come to an end. For the sta- tion of Landquart
lies at a relatively low altitude, but now the wild and rocky route pushes
grimly onward into the Alps themselves.

Hans Castorp — such was the young man's name — sat alone in his little
grey-upholstered compartment, with his alligator-skin hand-bag, a present from
his uncle and guardian, Consul Tienappel — let us get the introductions over
with at once — his travelling- rug, and his winter overcoat swinging on its
hook. The window was down, the afternoon grew cool, and he, a tender product of
the sheltered life, had turned up the collar of his fashionably cut, silk-lined
summer overcoat. Near him on the seat lay a paper- bound volume entitled Ocean
Steamships; earlier in the journey he had studied it off and on, but now it lay
neglected, and the breath of the panting engine, streaming in, defiled its
cover with particles of soot.
